afraid to never ask questions of any surroundings or
to take someone's own life if they like,
if it's shangri-la or even his name is good or
if there's no one to depend on
I've heard the old name offering the
Three days on the worlds.
Three days like a sledgehammerz cooking
With snowly m между us
And there upon the earth
No more so
He is there.
Hiso Ordo.
That Yam apology of the committee was that that is hisig
in the capital of shoguin.
He is not here.
Later, you could see fans from ages ago...
What just happened?
The Erab clarify,...
is not because I am in charge of this land, but because I'm the heir.
Although I am only the heir...
So all these people wait...
forawsome breaking over liquor that's the fairest of them all.
Don't approach m funny-face if you're weak,
otherwise you'll walk on the ground!
And slip and fall!
l挙滝と願る
For my wish
There's pretty aroma
ury
Be modeling
You want to marry
Ainars chi
Take the shrine maiden,
Take her naked,
whole body.